what's up everybody Dustin Depp here and
today I've got for you guys the LG G
watch this is the white and gold version
I don't know I just thought it'd be a
bit cooler than the all black version
and it'll be one that you haven't seen
yet because they didn't give away the
white and the white and gold version at
Google i/o so let's go and open this up
here so now that I've broken the seal on
the back here it tells you that it's
ip67 water and dust-resistant so I mean
you can wash your hands with it you
could probably go for a light swim with
it's not going to hurt I'm pretty sure
ip67 is something like I thought have to
check but it's a couple meters i'm
pretty sure that it can be in there and
it's for up to like 30 minutes so it's
got an always-on screen but not all of
the screen is always on so that's a bit
it's a bit misleading annoying accent
nying axis motion sensors and 400
million battery which is bigger than the
gear live battery so hopefully we'll get
a little bit better battery life out of
it the only difference is the gear live
actually comes with a heart rate sensor
where this one does not so let's go
ahead and open it up here um when you
open it up you get the box here like
this the face it really nice-looking
face on it I'm will just go and pull
that out it just slides right out so
there it is there's the LG G watch the
the band feels extremely rubbery it
doesn't feel like cheap or anything but
it's really really soft band really
rubbery feeling it's got this nice
texture on the back of it right there's
where you can see where it charges it
doesn't look too big it's probably about
the same thickness as a pebble steel so
I mean it's not a small watch by any
means but it's not it's not huge so
let's go ahead and see what else is in
here up in this guy up you've got your
your charging dock here so this is like
a little cradle that it charges in which
everybody is saying is a lot better than
the gear live version because the glare
gear
live version you actually have to click
it in where they should just set it on
and it starts charging so as you can see
it takes the microUSB there so also
comes with a micro USB cable like you
would expect and it comes with your wall
charger right there so again the same
with the LG g3 it is a pretty meaty size
wall charger but yeah that is pretty
much it for the LG G watch unboxing if
you guys have any questions or comments
or anything you want to know or see
check it out i will be doing a
head-to-head I've got both pebbles that
will do it with and I'll also show you
how to connect it to a to a g3 and we'll
also do some stuff with the Xiaomi
devices to see if they G watch works
with them so check it out guys at Dustin
debt thanks a lot
virgin
that